
Administration Utilities
    Utilities to administer system resources, manage user accounts, etc.
Mono/CLI
    Everything about Mono and the Common Language Infrastructure.
Communication Programs
    Software to use your modem in the old fashioned style.
Databases
    Database Servers and Clients.
debian-installer udeb packages
    Special packages for building customized debian-installer variants. Do not install them on a normal system!
Debug packages
    Packages providing debugging information for executables and shared libraries.
Development
    Development utilities, compilers, development environments, libraries, etc.
Documentation
    FAQs, HOWTOs and other documents trying to explain everything related to Debian, and software needed to browse documentation (man, info, etc).
Editors
    Software to edit files. Programming environments.
Education
    Software for learning and teaching.
Electronics
    Electronics utilities.
Embedded software
    Software suitable for use in embedded applications.
Fonts
    Font packages.
Games
    Programs to spend a nice time with after all this setting up.
GNOME
    The GNOME desktop environment, a powerful, easy to use set of integrated applications.
GNU R
    Everything about GNU R, a statistical computation and graphics system.
GNUstep
    The GNUstep environment.
Go
    Go programming language, libraries, and development tools.
Graphics
    Editors, viewers, converters... Everything to become an artist.
Ham Radio
    Software for ham radio.
Haskell
    Everything about Haskell.
Web Servers
    Web servers and their modules.
Interpreters
    All kind of interpreters for interpreted languages. Macro processors.
Introspection
    Machine readable introspection data for use by development tools.
Java
    Everything about Java.
JavaScript
    JavaScript programming language, libraries, and development tools.
KDE
    The K Desktop Environment, a powerful, easy to use set of integrated applications.
Kernels
    Operating System Kernels and related modules.
Library development
    Libraries necessary for developers to write programs that use them.

Libraries
    Libraries to make other programs work. They provide special features to developers.

Lisp
    Everything about Lisp.
Language packs
    Localization support for big software packages.
Mail
    Programs to route, read, and compose E-mail messages.
Mathematics
    Math software.
Meta packages
    Packages that mainly provide dependencies on other packages.
Miscellaneous
    Miscellaneous utilities that didn't fit well anywhere else.
Network
    Daemons and clients to connect your system to the world.
Newsgroups
    Software to access Usenet, to set up news servers, etc.
OCaml
    Everything about OCaml, an ML language implementation.
Old Libraries
    Old versions of libraries, kept for backward compatibility with old applications.
Other OS's and file systems
    Software to run programs compiled for other operating systems, and to use their filesystems.
Perl
    Everything about Perl, an interpreted scripting language.
PHP
    Everything about PHP.
Python
    Everything about Python, an interpreted, interactive object oriented language.
Ruby
    Everything about Ruby, an interpreted object oriented language.
Rust
    Rust programming language, library crates, and development tools
Science
    Basic tools for scientific work
Shells
    Command shells. Friendly user interfaces for beginners.
Sound
    Utilities to deal with sound: mixers, players, recorders, CD players, etc.
Tasks
    Packages that are used by 'tasksel', a simple interface for users who want to configure their system to perform a specific task.
TeX
    The famous typesetting software and related programs.
Text Processing
    Utilities to format and print text documents.
Utilities
    Utilities for file/disk manipulation, backup and archive tools, system monitoring, input systems, etc.
Version Control Systems
    Version control systems and related utilities.
Video
    Video viewers, editors, recording, streaming.
Virtual packages
    Virtual packages.
Web Software
    Web servers, browsers, proxies, download tools etc.
X Window System software
    X servers, libraries, window managers, terminal emulators and many related applications.
Xfce
    Xfce, a fast and lightweight Desktop Environment.
Zope/Plone Framework
    Zope Application Server and Plone Content Managment System
